h1. A Dynamic DNS client for domains parked at "afraid.org":afraid.

You can explore and update your IP address from Ruby or the command line.
The command-line program can be configured to run on an interval using *cron*,
and notify you using "Growl":growl (or "Mumbles":mumbles on Linux).

h2. Usage

h3. On the command line...

h4. Checking out your "afraid.org":afraid configuration

<pre><code>
% updateafraid -user YOURUSERAME -password YOURPASSWORD
You have 5 domains:
yourdomain.com  (209.6.22.66)
ftp.yourdomain.com      (209.6.22.66)
irc.yourdomain.com      (209.6.22.66)
mail.yourdomain.com     (209.6.22.66)
www.yourdomain.com      (209.6.22.66)
</code></pre>

h4. Updating a single domain

<pre><code>
% updateafraid -user YOURUSERAME -password YOURPASSWORD -domain yourdomain.com
ERROR: Address 209.6.22.66 has not changed.
</code></pre>

h4. Updating all of your domains at once

<pre><code>
% updateafraid -user YOURUSERAME -password YOURPASSWORD -all
yourdomain.com - ERROR: Address 209.6.22.66 has not changed.
ftp.yourdomain.com - ERROR: Address 209.6.22.66 has not changed.
irc.yourdomain.com - ERROR: Address 209.6.22.66 has not changed.
mail.yourdomain.com - ERROR: Address 209.6.22.66 has not changed.
www.yourdomain.com - ERROR: Address 209.6.22.66 has not changed.
</code></pre>

h4. Setting up "Growl":growl notifications

<pre><code>
% updateafraid -u YOURUSERAME -p YOURPASSWORD -d yourdomain.com --growl-at localhost --growl-password YOURPASSWORD
ERROR: Address 209.6.22.66 has not changed.
</code></pre>

h3. In Ruby...

<pre><code>
%w{rubygems updateafraid}.each {|r| require r}
include Updateafraid

# Connect to afraid.org and figure out what's what
afraid = AfraidAccount.new(username, password)

# Display a formatted list of your domains to STDOUT
afraid.print_domains

# Display the details of the first domain
p afraid.domains.first.host
p afraid.domains.first.address
p afraid.domains.first.url

# Update one specific domain from your list
afraid.update 'logankoester.com'

# Update every domain on my list
afraid.update_all

</code></pre>

h2. You can keep track of upcoming features at "RememberTheMilk":todo. If you want to be notified as progress is made, you can subscribe to the "feed":todofeed!


*updateafraid* is not affiliated with or supported by "afraid.org":afraid.


h2. LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 "Logan Koester":logankoester

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[afraid]http://afraid.org
[logankoester]http://logankoester.com
[todo]http://www.rememberthemilk.com/home/logan.koester/6437617/
[todofeed]http://www.rememberthemilk.com/atom/logan.koester/6437617/?tok=eJwNjdEKwzAIAL8oI8ao8XM0mjJWVlj7-yzc08HBdXFCMIgVa2iIzzYpAmn0zWSF6EAxM6pgo11Vn6COFbgupHJeh31fnyvvJ3-lfN9P4Y7CIAVBrUp2M0VRGquOzH3pM7aqsK10Y9UBEC2Dm5hLThfP1RL*u0EtDg
[growl]http://growl.info/
[mumbles]http://www.mumbles-project.org/
